Source measurement selection API fix. (#169)
tektronix/tm_devices: CHANGELOG.md

- Updated the `get_model_series()` function to only warn the user if the model is not found in the `SupportedModels` enumeration. This also eliminates false warnings during unit tests.

### Fixed

> - fix: Updated the measurement source selection command for the MDO3K, MDO4K, MSO4K and DPO4K models to work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the measurement source selection command for the MDO3K, MDO4K, MSO4K and DPO4K models to work properly.
```

> - fix: Updated the measurement source selection command for the MDO 3K, MDO4K , MSO4K and DPO4K models to work properly.

Reviewer 2: fix: Updated the measurement source selection command for the MDO 3K, MDO4K, MSO4K and DPO4K models to work properly.

> - fix: Updated the measurement source selection command for the MDO 3K, MDO4K , MSO4K and DPO4K models to work properly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- fix: Updated the measurement source selection command for the MDO3K, MDO4K, MSO4K and DPO4K models to work properly.
```
